and
Yes
lives
these
aerators
at all
but
I
and not
but
drainage and risky lads us the truth move
standing already behind you live tearing off a
fist and but also close all ukrainian
people at once evil we want to shake you
still tear heart health mid again then
it was us truth successes in the area of ​​the container
my home by helicopter power check died
in our couples mou and adore his spirit
us us pragin islam well fuck
chevrolet know che our Ukrainian
no one's spirit to Islam from and
and my Crimean people get the code
worse will fight and their freedom glory
Ukraine heroes glory
this
love
we have on jsc
but
on
glory to Ukraine
we are enemy
name
media steward
him
not enough for you one step
they
babadu
nerves
but
to me
him
page 2
and
but
with